so why the line I'm gonna try and get
ahold of President Obama Obama Barack
Obama I said balk Obama I mean President
Barack Obama let's see if I can get him
on the line hello mr. president are you
there hello mr. presidents Jimmy door
hello are you there mr. president good
yeah gonna be here I thought you'd enjoy
visit from your favorite progressive
politician who go to war all the fucking
time yeah yeah yes I it's great to hear
from you listen is it true mr. president
these days you are engaging in behavior
that Wow
you know isn't that much removed from
george w bush you know what I'm talking
about
Carver do you know about my planet what
yeah just like former President Bush
I've been indulging will then painting
open yeah real what kind of painting
what kind of painting are you doing
well Manley I've been painting myself
into a corner where's my for Paul yeah
that's for sure mr. president could you
please tell us why you've become such a
goddamn war hawk I would really love to
know that well Jimmy here's our
conclusion mr. mr. president what what
the hell what the hell are what the hell
are you doing right now
Obama I really don't care
if you carry a cup a cup of coffee
around with you it doesn't matter to me
excellent Jimmy I agree with my critics
it's disrespectful me to hold that
coffee cup when I saluted those soldiers
really you think it was disrespectful
well the soldiers have to stand at
attention all day like that am i
carrying a cup of coffee with me just
reminded them how much they had to pee
mmm you are no military heroes have to
go for long hours without relieving
themselves and we try to defense it and
not make it worse for them that's why
the presidential plane is called Air
Force One not Air Force number one all
right
let me up on this one lady come out of
town listen mr. president with all due
respect maybe the issue is that America
shouldn't pee its pants and overreact
when a small group of terrorists make a
couple of horrifying videos maybe that
Jimmy I would think you'd support the
idea here on their videos having an
impact on the wall ah they would do a
little mouthful of eiffel folks but they
know how to make a video go viral hmm
has ever been a Young Turks video but
they're that kind of huge reactions no
well there's never any sickening crimes
against humanity that are included in
Turks videos baby that's why have you
ever seen that what the flick show yeah
I said Ben mankiewicz did you rip a
bullhorn to the human race when he
described transformers 4 as poke a
quirky and offbeat shaggy-dog rom-com
that tugs at the heartstrings while
tickles the funny ball I don't think he
ever said that I don't think he said I
mean I got old or what the flick reviews
in my very intelligent breed really oh
really have you know that my bombing of
Syria got a 97 percent first rating on
Ron committee mr. president I really
just want to support you but now you're
just making stuff up you just making
stuff up just agree to disagree that is
wrong to agree to disagree is that the
agreeable way I address disagreements
not anything anyone can agree to
disagree to do mr. mr. president I think
my head is about to explode sir
yep the German are sent to waste your
ass and be there any second what well
it's been great stopping by to talk to a
fellow left-wing progressive wasn't
immortal words of my favorite social is
red red skelton good night and may God
bless
okay that was President Barack Obama
I'll see it thanks for calling in
warmonger